Instantiate XrpcClient from an OAuthAgent (#2714)
bluesky-social/atproto: packages/api/README.md

  Lower lever; compatible with most JS engines.

Every `@atproto/oauth-client-*` implementation has a different way to obtain an
`OAuthSession` instance that can be used to instantiate an `Agent` (from
`@atproto/api`). Here is an example restoring a previously saved session:

```typescript
import { Agent } from '@atproto/api'
import { OAuthClient } from '@atproto/oauth-client'

const oauthClient = new OAuthClient({
  // ...
})

const oauthSession = await oauthClient.restore('did:plc:123')

// Instantiate the api Agent using an OAuthSession
const agent = new Agent(oauthSession)
```

### API calls

The agent includes methods for many common operations, including:

```typescript
// The DID of the user currently authenticated (or undefined)
agent.did

> agent.accountDid // Throw if the user is not authenticated

Author: ```suggestion
agent.accountDid // Throws if the user is not authenticated
```

> agent.accountDid // Throws if the user is not authenticated

Reviewer: Interesting! I just noticed this part of the api for the first time.

Small thing: I wonder if this should be `assertDid` instead of `accountDid` to make this clearer?

Author: yep that would probably have been a better name -_-

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend we add `assertDid` and deprecate `accountDid` at some point soon.

Author: https://github.com/bluesky-social/atproto/commit/bbca17bc5388e0b2af26fb107347c8ab507ee42f

await agent.resolveHandle(params, opts)
await agent.updateHandle(params, opts)

> // Legacy: Session management directly on the agent instance

Author: ```suggestion
// Legacy: Session management should be performed through the SessionManager
// rather than the Agent instance.
```
